# Session Fixation 

In computer network security, session fixation attacks attempt to exploit the vulnerability of a system that allows one person to fixate another person's session identifier.

# Your First Session Fixation Attack

## Step 1: Login to OWASP Goat
* For session fixation attack, login to OWASP Goat with proper credentials (webgoat, webgoat).
* Under OWASP Goat, under session management flaws, click on sub-section Hack a Session.
* Enter any random credentials and capture the POST request in BurpSuite.

## Step 2: Capturing Weak SID
* For testing purposes, OWASP has purposefully made session IDs of request as very weak.
* If the SID of the request is not random enough, hackers could easily hack the session.
* Below screenshot shows a sample weak SID.

## Step 3: Send Request to Sequencer
* Burp Sequencer is a tool for analyzing the quality of randomness in a sample of data items.
* In this step, we send the captured session to sequencer to analyize the randomness of SID.
* Under Sequencer tab, migrate to live capture.
* Summary tab would analysis of whether request's SID was random enough or not.

# Stage-wise Session Fixation Attack
## Stage 1: Migrate to Session-Fixation Sub-Menu and Fix SID
* Inside the email-content text-box, where the html code would be written, fix the SID as follows -<br>
`<a href="http://WebGoat/attack?Screen=56&menu=1800&SID=555"></a>`
* After this you would have completed stage-1.
* Conclusion - As a hacker, you have sent a mail to the victim that contains mallacious link with pre-defined SID.

## Stage 2: User Logs in Via Mallacious Email
* After mail has been sent to victim, user logs in to webgoat using her credentials.
* The POST request made contains fixed SID 555.

## Stage 3: Modify SID to Login Without Valid Credentials 
* After capturing the POST request in Burpuite, modify the SID.
* Initially SID would be initialised as NOVALIDSESSION.
* Edit that SID and modify it to 555 and switch-off the intercept.

## Stage 4: Successfully Hijacked Session.
* Session has been successfully hijacked.
* You have logged-in to victim's account without valid credentials.









